c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll.config
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.pdb
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.AccessTokenFormatting.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ZeroMQ.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Services.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Mapping.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Serialization.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\NetMQ.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.pdb
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.csproj.App.config
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll
c:\users\jacel.enova\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.pdb
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll.config
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.pdb
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Domain.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.AccessTokenFormatting.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.ZeroMQ.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ZeroMQ.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Services.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Mapping.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Serialization.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\NetMQ.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Domain.pdb
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.pdb
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.csproj.App.config
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll
C:\Users\Jacel.Enova\Documents\Git\BeerTap\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.pdb
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.Net4.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll.config
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.pdb
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Domain.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.AccessTokenFormatting.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ProtectedResource.ZeroMQ.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Auth.OAuth2.ZeroMQ.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Foundation.WebApi.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.Common.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Services.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Mapping.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Hypermedia.Serialization.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\NetMQ.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Domain.pdb
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.pdb
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\BeerTap.Model.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\AutoMapper.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Core.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Castle.Windsor.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\IQ.Platform.Framework.WebApi.Model.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.pdb
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\protobuf-net.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Extensions.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Primitives.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Core.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Interfaces.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.Linq.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Reactive.PlatformServices.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.OData.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\bin\Debug\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.csproj.App.config
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.dll
C:\Dev\Misc\JacelEnova\BeerTap\BeerTap.ApiServices\obj\Debug\BeerTap.ApiServices.pdb
